
1.	Introduction

When a user visits an e-commerce site, there are numerous qualitative and quantitative factors that influence their decision to make a purchase. Qualitative factors being their spent budget, user needs at the moment and so on. Quantitative factors include product ratings, number of reviews, presence or absence of a product video, number of photos for the product, length of product description, price of a product – to name a few. 

This capstone aims to understand which quantitative variables affects a user’s purchase decision. Consequent application of identifying the contributing factors can enable an e-commerce site to maximize profits by utilizing their user behavior data and displaying the most relevant information at all times.

2.	Data Acquisition
Two primary data sources will be used throughout the project. The time range will be year-to-date (YTD), in order to focus on the most recent behavior. 
i.	Web analytics – this dataset contains conversion metrics per a unique product
ii.	Content management system – this dataset contains per product ID, user ratings, number of reviews, word count of content description, number of photos, videos on the site for a product, product classification

3.	Data Wrangling and Cleaning


4.	Preliminary Exploration

5.	Exploration and Analysis Approach
One-variable linear regression 
Segmentation by category

6.	Limitations
This analysis limits the view of product conversion to measureable variables. There are qualitative signals that this approach does not take into consideration which in fact play a very important role in purchase decision making. 

Even if all the product information is adequately laid-out on a website, a user may not buy it because their plans changed or the product isn’t a right fit for them at the given time. Such conditions are difficult to measure and this limits our understanding of why a user abandons buying the product as well as the ability to account for such conditions in the analysis.
